Miscellaneous style guide edits (#6441)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/basics.md

| Permission | Endpoint | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate, one-off message to specific users. |

Reviewer: Should we remove "one-off"?

Author: Yes! Thanks for catching!

> | `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate, one-off message to specific users. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate, one-off message to specific users. |
```
```suggestion
| `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate message to specific users. |
```

> | `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate, impromptu message to specific users. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `messages.send` | [`/messages/send `]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/) | Send an immediate, one-time message to specific users. |
```
